Add links to cacheing blog posts (#215)
nextflow-io/training: docs/basic_training/cache_and_resume.md

## Resume troubleshooting

> !!! tip

Reviewer: I would drop this below the intro paragraph, and reword / rewrite the intro paragraph a little.

Also, may as well use a numbered list - easier to read than having them inline text.

Reviewer 2: I agree with Phil.

> !!! tip
> 
>     To learn more details about the resume mechanism and how to troubleshoot please refer the following three blog posts (i) [Demystefying Nextflow resume](https://www.nextflow.io/blog/2019/demystifying-nextflow-resume.html), (ii) [Troubleshooting Nextflow resume](https://www.nextflow.io/blog/2019/troubleshooting-nextflow-resume.html) and (iii) [Analyzing caching behavior of pipelines](https://nextflow.io/blog/2022/caching-behavior-analysis.html)
>     
> If your workflow execution is not resumed as expected with one or more tasks being unexpectedly re-executed each time, these may be the most likely causes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being able to resume workflows is a key feature of Nextflow, but it doesn't always work as you expect. In this section we go through a few common reasons why Nextflow may be ignoring your cached results.

!!! tip

    To learn more details about the resume mechanism and how to troubleshoot please refer the following three blog posts:
    
     1. [Demystefying Nextflow resume](https://www.nextflow.io/blog/2019/demystifying-nextflow-resume.html)
     2. [Troubleshooting Nextflow resume](https://www.nextflow.io/blog/2019/troubleshooting-nextflow-resume.html)
     3. [Analyzing caching behavior of pipelines](https://nextflow.io/blog/2022/caching-behavior-analysis.html)
    

```
